📝 Document variables for static spaces (#1175)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-sdks-static.md

* [Smarter NPC](https://huggingface.co/spaces/mishig/smarter_npc): Display a PlayCanvas project with an iframe in Spaces.
* [Huggingfab](https://huggingface.co/spaces/pierreant-p/huggingfab): Display a Sketchfab model in Spaces.

## Space variables

> Custom [variables](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets) are available in your Space. OAuth information such as the client ID and scope are also available as environment variables, if you have [enabled OAuth](./spaces-oauth) for your Space.

Reviewer: Maybe clearer this way? (not sure)
```suggestion
Custom [environment variables](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets) can be passed to your Space. OAuth information such as the client ID and scope are also available as environment variables, if you have [enabled OAuth](./spaces-oauth) for your Space.
```

> To use these variables in JavaScript, you can use the `window.huggingface.variables` object. For example, to access the `OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` variable, you can use `window.huggingface.variables.OAUTH_CLIENT_ID`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe share an example space for reference code

Custom [environment variables](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets) can be passed to your Space. OAuth information such as the client ID and scope are also available as environment variables, if you have [enabled OAuth](./spaces-oauth) for your Space.

To use these variables in JavaScript, you can use the `window.huggingface.variables` object. For example, to access the `OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` variable, you can use `window.huggingface.variables.OAUTH_CLIENT_ID`.

Here is an example of a Space using custom environment variables and oauth enabled and displaying the variables in the HTML:

> * [Static Variables](https://huggingface.co/spaces/coyotte508/static-variables)

Reviewer: Nice ❤️ 

Let's moev this Space to `huggingface-projects`?

https://huggingface.co/huggingface-projects

Reviewer 3: was fine to keep on personal namespace too imo
